[llama-3.1] Bump transformers version (#2243)
huggingface/blog: llama31.md

## Using Hugging Face Transformers 

> Llama 3.1 requires a minor modeling update to handle RoPE scaling effectively. With Transformers [release 4.43.2](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tags), you can use the new Llama 3.1 models and leverage all the tools within the Hugging Face ecosystem. Make sure to use the latest `transformers` release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Llama 3.1 requires a minor modeling update to handle RoPE scaling effectively. With Transformers [release 4.43.2](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/releases/tag/v4.43.2), you can use the new Llama 3.1 models and leverage all the tools within the Hugging Face ecosystem. Make sure to use the latest `transformers` release:
```
